* (infrastructure) Tags are a personal thing - all publicly published media should have both a set of publicly recommended tags (green tags), and personally assigned tags (red tags).
* (Information, system, management) Make all identifiable units selectable and taggable, for instances paragraphs of a reading. As a starter, don't worry about original texts version control yet - most likely republishing is needed is major change is involved.

# Homogenous Containers and Heterogeneous Classification, or Archiving vs Tagging



# Knowledge Management and Knowledge System

> Turn information into knowledge!

(Motivation and definition of knowledge) I was always troubled. I love generalization, I was not good with equations. "Natural philosophy" sounds just right, `V=L×(di/dt)` is too specific. I love nature, I was not good with man-made objects. "Mandible" sounds just right, "Toyota Corolla" is too much. I love playing with Ruby, reflection, attributes and common intermediate language, but RB tree sounds too abstract and not practical. I made myself crystally clear - I want all your sexuality, but I don't want sex. I love circuits, but I totally don't understand "ECE231". Something is **too specific** in 2 cases: 1) there is **no better way**; 2) it is **the only way** (available). When the only way to interpret the word "ECE552" is "ECE552H1 F LEC0101 20199:Computer Architecture", I feel doomed and hesitate even to creating a folder for it - it feels like a dead end with no exits.

(Definition of knowledge) (Definition I) Information is something we **remember**, knowledge is something we **categorize**, and **apply**. That's why *the only way to give "ECE552" a context* is to consider it side by side with all other course codes like ...., rather than dig deep into the course syllabus itself - whether does "ECE552" **belongs**, rather than what it **contains**. (Definition II) That is the **two basic directions of knowledge**: **Up** is the essence, a set of *identifying qualities*; **Down** is the specifics, the *differentiating qualities*. The subtle difference between those two concepts is like duck-typing: if it **behaves** and **works** like a duck yet it's not a duck, then it is NOT a duck. You can interchange the words "essence" and "specifics" in previous sentence. I don't really care. The point is, knowledge is connected, information is isolated - *if there is any part of some "knowledge" that doesn't belong anywhere, then you dont really possess that knowledge*.

(An elaborated example with ECE552) Now onto the topic of **connection**. (Definition IV) Connections are the methods of retrieval of knowledge, they can take any form, and they define the clues to the knowledge, compared with the (content of) knowledge itself. Conceptual connections are (e.g. visual association), at most, weak (this is opinionated); but nothing is more efficient than **human memory**. What we need, is a way to *point things around*. As a programmer, we design a **system**, and a **process** (workflow). A system is a tool, it does all the heavylifting **by design**; a process is a practice, it is followed by human. 

1. First, every single information, must have a **tangible store**.  It must be **significant** in itself, it must be well maintained. It is **single and unique** without redundant copies.
2. Second, it must be coherent, consistent, and complete. All historical knowledge must be present at the same time allowing seamless navigation. For human experience, this is necessarily **time based**. For knowledge receiving purpose however, it doesn't need to have a timeline - it only need to be **categorized**.
3. Third, the whole body of an individual's knowledge is described by his **vocabulary**, for **language** is (considered, or assumed to be) the vehicle of human thinking. Thus the ultimate tool for a person's categorization is his vocabulary itself, nothing more. As such we assert: (**Axiom I**) *(a person's) vocabulary should be enough (as the clues) to identify all his possible reach of knowledge*. As such, (**Proposition I**) the expected scope of such knowledge (systems) is around *20000* categories (I.e. common English words).
4. Forth, a *category is in itself identified by other categories* - this is the essence of **Knowledge (Sub) System**, as is different from usual tagged notes.  For instance, "ECE552" (as a category, or tag) can be used identify activities within that context, but the term itself can be identified by "computer, architecture, course", etc. However, not all tagged items under "ECE552" share all categories for the tag itself, thus (**Property I**) *tags, or mental clues, are not inheritable*. For a proof, a car is considered a "vehicle", yet a tire of the car is not considered a "vehicle" (I.e. when forming **connections**, tires are not directly connected to vehicles) - unless, if a "tire" is categorize by both "vehicle" and "manufacturing", in which case it is under "vehicle", but we shall recognize this categorization is not inherited from the fact that it's under "car" (unless "car" is categorized under "manufacturing" as well). This kind of relationships are subtle, because it affects, or **defines** (directly), *how we retrieve knowledge*.

(More specifics about how to organize general e.g. syllabus information about courses, taking ECE552 as an example) (**Rule I**) (In SW) Knowledge has only tags and a body, and it has not a title/name; It's body is very specific information. For instance, under this system,  **Euler's formula** (as an example) has the body of "e^(ix) = cos(x) + i×sin(x)", and is under "formula, geometry" and any other categories we wish to access this knowledge from, e.g. "mathematics". Thus we make sure (**Proposition II**): *a knowledge can be found only through classification (I.e. tags) or direct inspection of content itself*. (**Interface I**) This is how SKW filters by tags and enumerates all contents, and how similarly Knowledge Tab works. As such, the knowledge receiving process must start clean, but by nature it can start in many ways (I.e. each tag is a start). Notice you can still add and show Remarks for knowledge items, thus allowing direct expansion of knowledge itself. (implementation note: those should be accessible in Knowledge Tab, allowing more efficient navigation and access, also consider removing knowledge item from notes tab). (**Rule II**) In essence, the process of collecting or taking notes of knowledge becomes the process of establishing connections and decide retrieval methods for such information being collected. (Proposition III) Very generic tags are thus very bad, for instance things like "like", "not done", "important" or "information" because they are not well established, ambiguous, impulsive, not special - those qualities make it hard to recall. (Rule III) One should favour individual words over phrases, favour nouns over adjectives, favour specific terminology over daily vocabulary.

(Redundancy) One difficulty with tag based systems, which seemed non existence with hierarchical system, is the choice between similar words. For instance one might be tempted to tag Euler's Formula as mentioned above under "method, equation", which after all sound close to "formula" but seem to open new ways to access this knowledge. In fact, one may even consider tagging it under "trigonometry".  Since those tags are meaningful, specific and not likely to change (their assignment has a sort of permanent association), I see no reason one should be afraid of doing this. In fact, SW is designed to handle and thus encourage using these kind of many-tagging, as long as: 1) the amount of tags is reasonable in a sense the user carefully chooses her vocabulary and don't cause too much typing and changing; 2) the purpose of such tagging is to provide a systematic way of accessing the tagged knowledge by establishing connections through such clues rather than simply "use synonyms because they sound similar and I might switch my terminology from one to another" which only causes confusion than efficient retrieving. In essence, one need to make decisions and design a knowledge system for herself. That is, tags need to be **somewhat** distinct: that is decided by the user, so "equation" is not a good idea because we already have "formula", yet "trigonometry" looks a perfectly good addition. (Theory I) The process of **assigning tags** is the process of gaining knowledge (Proof: tags define connections and allow retrieval). (Theory II) SKW is such a knowledge management system that deals mostly with tangible knowledge, rather than empirical knowledge (e.g. the art of various crafting and other things that depends on practice rather than conceptual knowledge).

(Scope) As a recap, SW is designed to handle 5K-10K tangible items, those mostly refer to notes and physical files which can be large in themselves. I expect for pure knowledge management, 10K-20K knowledge items should be minimum expectation and shouldn't cause penalty when using SW as tool for retrieving and cataloguing knowledge. More tests and optimization will be developed.

# The Up and Down Direction

> Everything starts as information, then it is tagged to become knowledge, then it's summarized into notes, then it becomes a (sub) repository.

Knwoledge is the minimal useful unit of organization - it's just a piece of information that's tagged. You can either plan ahead by creating sub repositories early on, or let knowledge grow organically then refactor tags and notes.

Everything in Somewhere is tagged, and as first class citizen in Somewhere, tags do not have any significant storage beyond depending on the items that contain those tags. I.e. Tags only exist when there is something tagged by it. For a tag to have meaning in itself, or for specialized treatment of some **subject** or **terminology**, **create a note for it**. Names of note can contain spaces, and it shall be identified as the same for tags that either or not contain spaces. For notes/tags that exist at the same time as tags/notes, it's termed a "tagnote" or "**subject**" in this treatment.

Now this workflow is significant in two ways:

1. At one extreme, one can define a dictionary in this fashion: every single word is a note, and every single word can also be a tag. The tags define relation, while notes contain meaning. For instance, "apple" is "a kind of fruit" and is tagged by "noun, fruit, plant" and each of its 3 tags have a note containing meaning for those words.
2. Knowledge, and hence tags, have structure or directions: Up refers to the direction from a **current tagnote** to its tags, and down refer to all the notes and tags tagged by **current tagnote**. Any given note usually have an Up direction but it may not have a down direction. Evidently, depending on how you setup this, tags might get cyclic, and that's expected. In which case if you constantly go up along one path, you may end up somewhere below your starting note. Hence the circle of life.

# Summary of Logical Items

# Publication

1. The Tagged English Dictionary for Writers
2. ???? - An Explorable Novel (we have a note for this, it's designed for Somewhere as Wholeshare Package)
