I used to miss her so much, all I can think about was her. IT's like a blak hole, whenver I become quiet and free from study and work, the thoughts just keep coming and there is no way to release it. I started writing, and then I warned myself - think first, then you can miss!


I once compiled a book of personal notes and thoughts for a girl during the nine months I withdraw from university and went back to China. That was one of the most fullfilling part of my life so far that I can remember - eating a vegetarian diet, not bothered by school studies and work and relationships, walk the dog everyday, go with father for morning hiking in a nearby mountain and my mom wasn't deeply obsessed with a formal training from a branch of buddhism yet. The only annoying thing might be the weather in Nanjing during summer. Desperate as I was at that time, feeling completely hopeless and lost as to where I should put myself in the world, I might never be able to go back to that state any more, now my parents are older and my hatery and conflict with them can only grow and the need for personal financial independence and stability dominates. 

I wrote the book out of the need to dump my thoughts and as a practical way to practice my philosophical learning at that time. It's my own thoughts on my feelings for her, my refreshing understanding of living and society, and exploration of potential meaning of life. One of the major things I forced myself to do was to enumerate all possibilities before I can make a moral conclusion about things, and as such the second part of book records all my possible feelings and fragments of thoughts about the girl I fantasized. The other major thinking was to consider the world from a perspective that I can neither confirm nor deny but is definitely more stable than whatever views I have hold before: to look at the world as how I have perceived it through physical eyes consistently - no longer do I talk about spirits or thoughts or feelings. Life can be plain bio-metabolism and love can be plain sex and the society - surprisingly as it appear to be - doesn't need to be in the way it currently is. This is my first atttempt to formally organize my thoughts and formulate them into readable paragraphs, and to honor the memory for someone I call love, but that won't be the last one. 

One thing I really learnt from that experience was that writing can be transcedental, the process of forcing yourself to think (quietly and undisturbed) alternative ways of things can be done and understood opens the possibility to appreciate the existence of a different self. On the highest level, we might call this **altitude**, but the implication is far from that: it's the ability to **think freely**. To articulate the exact differences this has between our normal use of "freedom" might take too long and I will not bother to do it just yet, but it's worth **taking a note here**.

That book is also the single planned personal project I have accomplished so far (immediately after Dream Editor and before MULTITUDE). My mom used to say this generation lacks the foresight to think and plan in the long horizon, and  and as such it's most inspirational for me personally.....


(How 9 months was spent and the research).

I took a year off after second year of university.... With careful attendance from my parents. I worry about nothing but to learn and develop my own skills and understanding. After some thinking and research I picked up C# as my primary language for marching into PC desktop application development, I worked my head hard around the subject that used to trouble me the most most no matter how hard I tried to comprehend - math .... I was glad to find some of the question that deeply worried me wasn't just a free man's wild thoughts... and glad to find the many answers and debates from the former (?) figures.

Those are chance, unavoidable accident.

One thing I discovered from that time was everyone has an obsession...

All of those summarize into Moral Construction - an attempt for me to reformulate my fundamental world view from ground up, hopefully this time in a genuinely unique way. I plan to spend a further 10 years on this project, after I finishing the biggest project so far for me - Project Nine. That is, if that can ever be done, and if I shall live that long. Whenever I think about what I have been though and achieved so far, even though I am no body no one cares except my parents, I feel I have really learnt a lot and it's worth everything to make my own footprints in this world. Hence I guess why it's important for me to sort all those mess out and write then done. How pitiful it is if our life doesn't make an impact to this world in any significant way throughout our short and insignificant life.

A complete rewritten of the first part with considerable more care is under progress, and will be published on my personal ''serious publishing platform'' //Antique Publish// available for comments. In the mean time, the original Chinese version of the first part is available through this [link]. The second part is all about her and emotional and personal so not for public appreciation.

This is my way to express, an unattainable love.