* Title pending rework.
* The main idea is that we develop *something* while we are working on this book, thus help us better acquire this book - and actually making acquiring this book possible at all.
* Form factor: This notes will be published on the internet, it makes sense to make it **HTML based** (in terms of representation, source code can be more efficient), self-contained, front-end JS enabled. Of course we need to thoroughly consider its (the subject's) content, features, properties in order to create something specialized, generic, unique for it.
	* (Problems) We need to find a way to **link** definitions, concepts, examples, illustrations together in a coherent way.
* (Initiative, idea) Undeniably, Donald is a master of programming, and I am deep fascinated with *information management* - and I consider myself a decent programmer. When those two ideas combine together - naturally I need to build and write something that attempts to represent my own approach of this book - and ideally help myself better understanding of the content. Making a summary, or partial rewrite, or live demonstration, or tutorials of contents of the book is meaningless - it's just a replica with nothing original, and it's not referenciable for any future value. I want to approach it as an artist - like an artist that does painting not practising Kong Fu - I intend to visualize it. Now, practising drawings is good for one's skills and health, but it's not something efficient for programmers. Besides, the amount of information in a well illustrated painting can be too overwhelming to be effectively appreciated. No, by "visualization" I mean a path of mental graph that can leads to knowledge. 