# The Fact is We (I) Never Had Time

<!--(Remark, #20220911) If we cannot publish this article because mentioning of Project Nine is controlled by O9, or because this article doesn't become of much value, then it's fine - just keep it to ourselves.-->

(Remark) The use of "we" to refer to "I" is an old habit of mine.

Today I was thinking about (once again) how much exactly we have done for Project Nine after so many years and where to go from now (and today I finally got a chance to re-organize Project Nine notes - from this perspective, we are indeed spending a lot of doing real work these days on Project Nine rather than worrying merely about notes), <!--(Remark) As Organization 9's control on the mentioning of "Project Nine" goes - what's the policy on me as Worker A talking about Project Nine on my personal blog?--> then an idea came to my mind:

> For the past few months we've been slightly "bothered" by the fact that a full time job at OTPP stops me from working on Project Nine as fully as I wanted - for instance as compared to when I was working for BBI. But then we didn't realize that "having large chunks of free time to work on personal stuff like I was in 2016" was never the norm. Also, upon close inspection - we DID NOT spend all that much time working on Project Nine when I was in Vancouver, either, since it's not untill much later (in Jan 2022) that we start to shift our effort from random stuff to working specifically on Project Nine - as a reminder, there was always A LOT OF technical challenges at that time that stops us from being able to working on Project Nien at all (like we weren't confident enough we can pull it off at all). If we consider how so many years have passed in the past - as a student, we never really had much disposable personal time. There was ALWAYS ALWAYS the issue of having to squeeze effort into having some fun at the gaps between studies. The reality is, as a full time worker, we actually HAVE MUCH MORE time now since the schedule is now predictable and we are not burdened by workloads of assignments and school studies during weekends.

That's a long idea😆 But it summarizes the legit of it well.

I want to point out two things from above statement:

1. We are indeed more ready now - in fact, since we are not facing the challenges more directly (like treating a research paper or university assignment with clear determination), we are gradually gaining better perspectives and performing better at what we want with Project Nine (and better be able to define what we want);
2. The usual execuse of "it's too tired to work on projects after work" is not a real execuse if we compare this with the burden of schoolwork and all-nighters during student time - and since late July 2022 (when we start to shift attention from OTPP-oriented to Project Nine-oriented), we are able to find time to work on Project Nine every night - the cost of this is since we are no longer "doing nothing and just relax at night and get prepared for tomorrow's work", we: 1) become late for work, 2) gain some weight due to less exercise, 3) Eyes become slightly painful due to prolonged computer use. Other than that, we are pretty good.