# Deep Training and Back Propagation

Tags: Redream, Theory, Idea, Article, Illustration, (Project Nine Fictional) *Active Dreamer* by Charles Zhang

## Abstract

Deep training is to train the subconscious during waking state. And back propagation is to explicitly commit memory back to the waking state.
Waking state must be communicating to dream state explicitly through training - and one thing that people did NOT pay attention to, is that the dream state must also TRAIN waking state: assuming a limited bandwidth, we must decide which information are worth taking out and bake in through training.

## Content

For the past 28 years, I have mostly been a passive dreamer. Some were sweet, some were bitter. Most are ordinary things, a few are epic. However, this was a huge waste of dream resources. Now I have dreamed enough and seen enough, it is time to take control.

The way we train our consciousness is exactly like the way we learn and train anything -  through repetition and memoization. The trick here is that human memory is conditioned and circumstantial. That is, like a correct application of any learning outcome, we must not recite some knowledge, but instead trying to apply it in a wide variety of circumstances. The key concept we are trying to train or to bake in is to be able to constantly ask ourselves are we dreaming, or alternatively, are we in reality. That is, to perform a reality check. We must be able to see ourselves as a complicated organism that essentially consists of a deep neural network. Our past experience has told us that to make a very clear distinction between the reality and the dream -  or to simply forget about the dreams. In this case,  we must unlearn this and instead, to train ourselves to be able to perform consistently no matter which state we are in.

To break the barrier of the inconsistency between the real world and the dream world, we should take that the real world is a persistent dream world, while dreams are fragmented simulations. On the other hand, if you're not comfortable with considering the reality as a dream, you could think instead that dreams are a part of the reality. Assuming there always will be a  clear separation between the waking State and the moment that we fall asleep,  we should essentially treat those two states as two different kinds of consciousness. That is, we should train our waking consciousness and subconsciousness separately. However, it’s important to realize that this kind of training can be done while we are in either state. The idea is that we should train with the target that the impact of training should penetrate deep enough into the other state -  to achieve this, We should focus on both the depths and breadth. Like when we were learning anything new, we should rely on raw recitation as a mechanism of roting, and use a wide variety of (truly relatable) conditions as means of association - both of those techniques serve as means of enhancing memorization.

Waking state must be communicating to the dream state explicitly through training - and one thing that people did NOT pay attention to, is that the dream state must also TRAIN the waking state: assuming a limited bandwidth, we must decide which information is worth taking out and baking in through training.

(Pending rephrase) "In most cases, the dreamer will admit they had no idea that they were in a dream because it felt so close to reality as it is." Thus the first nececcity of training is to ALWAYS BECOME AWARE OF WHICH WORLD WE ARE IN AND ACT ACCORDINGLY. To train during waking state, this requires two thigns: 1) Be aware we are in the real world and do things as we typically do, 2) Hypothesize that IF we are in the dream world, how would we do differently. This second part is necessary because otherwise we have no way to condition and train directly inside a dream world, in which case we have to talk about plans before we enter the dream world. It's like planning a trip before going to one.

Our standing point is that lucid dreams are VERY different from the real life, based on the fact: real world consciousness is open system, while dream world consciousness (be it lucid or not) is closed system. In that case, assuming a neurological model of brain (like artificial neural network), the functioning of our consciousness are necessarily different between waking state and dream state, in that during the former state, the consciousness is constantly taking in and stimulated by external signals, while in the latter state, the consciousness do not have such information - unless, from a software architecture's point of view, the consciousness/subconscsiousness is separate from the apparatus of perceptions - then it would make it possible that dream consciousness can still be the same as waking consciousness if we assume that the layer that directly interferes with and determines the open/closeness of the system resides at the perception layer (but it also raises the question as to how/what dictates the behavior of the perception layer during sleep state - because if that is dictated by the "consciousness" which is treated as an upper layer from a software architecture perspective, then there is a contradiction of dependancy).

While we were in the waking state,  while we were doing the ordinary things,  we should always consider the alternative,  and how we might be doing the things differently in a dream state,  and how do we want to seize control and make modifications to our behaviors once we have realized we were in a dream. Once we have realized we were in the dream,  we should be very clear what we want to be memorized when we wake up -  it is definitely not going to be everything. So,  it will be helpful if we have even prepared this when we were awake. For instance, if your goal for a particular dream session  is for Creative Design of architecture work,  then while you were in the dream,  you should only focus on the architectures inside your dream, and  not get distracted by everything else that's going on. 

Dreams are lively and vivid, and people are very easily distracted by all the story elements that’s going on. Like watching a fantasy movie - people can easily forget to pay attention to the stage design details because the stories are engaging. When we are put inside a completely novel and dreamy environment, there are simply too many (good) things going on. But it’s important to realize to make any substantial gain we must be able to sacrifice certain experience - and our intuitive attention to all the lively things are usually not helpful because people are only naturally attracted to the things they are most familiar with. In a sense, to be able to learn from our dreams is like to be able to learn in everyday encounters - we must throw away our preferences and prejudice and start to pay attention to things we DID NOT care.

### Notes

* A useful practixe at waking state is: what do I want to do when I am dreaming? What specific 1 thing I want to do at tonight's dream? Ask and reaffirm yourself throughout the day.
* A useful practice at dream state is: what do I wish to remember when I wake up, if limited to at most 3 things? Keep reminding yourself every so often in the dream.
* Become a master at relaxation. Learn to adjust attention.
* Speak five different languages and you will see why it's a highly useful metaskill.

"Am I dreaming?" -> "Which world am I in?" -> "(Dans) Quel monde?"

Quel Monde? The goal is to bake in such that it's NO LONGER A QUESTION - to enter the dream WITHOUT requiring a consciousness shift, and we ALWAYS act in respective world according to planned ways. Effectively, we stop having to perform a reality check - and always knows and acts accordingly. This is hard because (surprisingly), most of the time in the real world, we are not focused - that's why we do the same thing in the dream world, where we are merely wandering around.

Inside the close environment of dream world, all creations are just recombinations of information we already gained from Nature, and the most significant use of it is just as part of "creative work", i.e. the simulational progress or the production of generated contents, the runtime.