1. (Domain, management) Develop as a separate project from Personal Portfolio.
2. (Management, components). The project has two three major parts: 1) objects and tagging, 2) objects descriptions, 3) objects presentation
3. (Definition, management) the smallest tangible unit in the project is called an object, an object is a tangible presentation level visual e.g. 3d model, 2d image, etc. By its drafty and naked nature, all objects are usually static.
4. (Implementation) For presentation a website is needed, it can be a completely static website with JS enabled dynamic elements and static content host in which case we can host it in Personal Portfolio under either crate.totalimagine.com or totalimagine.com/CrateUniverse
5. (Management) The repository, unlike Personal Portfolio, will be backup data only - actually for Personal Portfolio we should have done that - meaning it contains only website data, and those data are compiled and second copy rather than original copy.
6. (Management) All intermediate creative files reside in corresponding creative folder - only the final finished result will be copied to the CrateUniverse folder, then tagging and description are created in DB file specific for CrateUniverse itself.
7. (Nature, management) All contents in CrateUniberse should represent some creative (not necessarily original idea) and self-contained nature, and it should be original in a sense everything is created by myself. 
8. (Nature, management, definition) CrateUniverse is a repository (containing objects), a presentation (taking form of website) and a concept (of defining itemized practice items and show them in time) that collects some small yet complete and informative items and serve two major functions: 1) reference function of case studies, providing useful summary information; 2) presentation function showing progress in terms of achieved items and show others variety of subjects.
9. (Subject, management) Notice this is NOT like our References SW repo, which won't be able to ever be published due to copyright issues, and whose case studies are more intensive and only usable to ourselves.
10. (Subject, management, methodology, strategy, method) we will use whole books as subjects of practice, thus easier to keep track of progress, and then just progress one by one, and help boost our own learning progress. Naturally the subjects of the books we use will be graphics focused. This includes: Human Anatomy, Traditional Architecture Dictionary, Fashion Design book on Materials, Art of electronics?; Other small specific to items include: a small rotating universe (used as cover image for the hero header; though it is meaningless if we just make it up instead of consulting and replicating with real dimensions our galaxy)
    * In general 2D media is not of interest in terms of this project because 2D media for us is more like presentation grade design tool, for understanding of object itself 3D (aka TI) perspective is needed, which necessarily require us to develop volumes in 3D, thus the produced objects will be 3D object. 
    * (management) Notice Crate Universe is not about design, but replicating for reference purpose real or fictional objects, thus it should have solid tangible views.
1. (Item) An idea about the universe itself, when rendering using ThreeJS and screenspace ray casting for collision and object selection pop-up for more information with specific 3D items baked for ThreeJS native preview: a universe of some predefined "Categories" (items themselves are still ultimately categorized using tags, categories are just used for presentation purpose, like our posts) on each arm of the galaxy. The arms themselves are simulated and generated, each star representing an item. The algorithm for generation: 1) Iterate through all items by category, distribute from min center radius to max outer radius linearly per normalized arm object last update time (by the way those information are compiled from database file and embedded directly in front-end JS), 2) Starting from center with an exponentially or whatever varying degree of impact force we do one cycle relocation of all the stars, 3) in main loop everything just rotates per parent center object uniformly. 4) The color of items are assigned such that .... with intensity modulated by last modification time.
